Protobuf field names info (#21502)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/protobuf.md

The preceding message definition specifies three fields as name-value pairs. Like properties on .NET types, each field has a name and a type. The field type can be a [Protobuf scalar value type](#scalar-value-types), e.g. `int32`, or another message.

> The [Protobuf style guide](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/style) recommends using `underscore_separated_names` for field names. New protobuf messages created for .NET apps should follow the Protobuf style guidelines. .NET tooling will automatically generate .NET types that use .NET naming standards. For example, a `first_name` Protobuf field will generate a `FirstName` .NET property.

Reviewer: Minor: use the same Protobuf capitalization throughout.

```suggestion
The [Protobuf style guide](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/style) recommends using `underscore_separated_names` for field names. New Protobuf messages created for .NET apps should follow the Protobuf style guidelines. .NET tooling will automatically generate .NET types that use .NET naming standards. For example, a `first_name` Protobuf field will generate a `FirstName` .NET property.
```

> The [Protobuf style guide](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/style) recommends using `underscore_separated_names` for field names. New Protobuf messages created for .NET apps should follow the Protobuf style guidelines. .NET tooling will automatically generate .NET types that use .NET naming standards. For example, a `first_name` Protobuf field will generate a `FirstName` .NET property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Protobuf style guide](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/style) recommends using `underscore_separated_names` for field names. New Protobuf messages created for .NET apps should follow the Protobuf style guidelines. .NET tooling automatically generates .NET types that use .NET naming standards. For example, a `first_name` Protobuf field generates a `FirstName` .NET property.
```
